1. tawny (tawny)
None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window

2. Maid (maid)
THE LOST LORD It should not have taken this long, Griff told himself as he paced the deck of the Shy Maid

3. grin (grin)
The newscaster allowed himself a grin

4. sparkling (sparkling)
1) Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers. 2) His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice

5. plain (plain)
It was plain that whatever “everyone” was saying, she was not going to believe it until Dumbledore told her it was true

6. downright (downright)
People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.

7. enraged (enrage)
Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them weren’t young at all; why, that man had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak

8. cereal (cereal)
Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls

9. flatter (flatter)
“You flatter me,” said Dumbledore calmly

10. odd (odd)
It was a very odd watch

11. bun (bun)
1) He was in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he’d stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery. 2) Her black hair was drawn into a tight bun

12. irritably (irritable)
1) “Like this,” he said irritably. 2) “I know that,” said Professor McGonagall irritably

13. newscaster (newscaster)
The newscaster allowed himself a grin

14. faintly (faint)
repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall

15. Hollow (hollow)
“What they’re saying,” she pressed on, “is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godric’s Hollow

16. firm (firm)
Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills

17. glumly (glum)
Dumbledore nodded glumly

