1. earmuffs (earmuffs)
I haven’t blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs.

2. distinctly (distinctly)
She looked distinctly ruffled

3. jam (jam)
As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn’t help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about

4. dashed (dash)
He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind

5. drummed (drum)
He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by

6. suggest (suggest)
Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country

7. showers (shower)
Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?

8. shooting (shooting)
Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, they’ve had a downpour of shooting stars

9. secretary (secretary)
He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind

10. crept (crept)
Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden

11. drifting (drift)
Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness

12. swallowed (swallow)
1) Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling. 2) Harry swallowed. 3) Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, “Yes — yes, you’re right, of course

13. bound (bound)
1) They bought Harry’s school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all. 2) They were bound to notice something

14. shuddered (shudder)
The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street

15. chortled (chortle)
“Little tyke,” chortled Mr

16. grunted (grunt)
1) Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening. 2) He grunted and offered him another rock cake. 3) “Sorry,” he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell

17. comforting (comfort)
His last, comforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs

18. flickered (flicker)
He clicked it again — the next lamp flickered into darkness

19. daylight (daylight)
Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since sunrise

20. snapped (snap)
1) But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?” 2) snapped Mrs

21. whisper (whisper)
And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters … Mrs

