1. flinging (fling)
she cried, flinging her arms around him

2. bushy (bushy)
He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild — long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins

3. slug (slug)
The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn’t there — or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn’t understand them, like a slug

4. sobs (sob)
Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs

5. scratchy (scratchy)
He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss

6. scrawny (scrawny)
Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat

7. tangles (tangle)
He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild — long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins

8. hid (hid)
He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild — long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins

9. chimney (chimney)
Dudley’s gang had been chasing him as usual when, as much to Harry’s surprise as anyone else’s, there he was sitting on the chimney

10. twinkling (twinkle)
For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out

11. gingerly (gingerly)
“But I c-c-can’t stand it — Lily an’ James dead — an’ poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles —” “Yes, yes, it’s all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we’ll be found,” Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door

12. gang (gang)
Dudley’s gang had been chasing him as usual when, as much to Harry’s surprise as anyone else’s, there he was sitting on the chimney

13. beet (beet)
He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: “MOTORCYCLES DON’T FLY!

14. gorilla (gorilla)
It wasn’t bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley, except that it wasn’t blond

15. slinking (slink)
He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street

16. furiously (furious)
For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out

17. snarled (snarl)
she snarled

18. hoodlums (hoodlum)
This morning, it was motorcycles. “… roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums,” he said, as a motorcycle overtook them

19. bacon (bacon)
“Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon

20. bolt (bolt)
1) Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning. 2) The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning

