1. glistening (glisten)
Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils

2. revolting (revolting)
Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley’s (brown with orange puff balls)

3. Scotch (Scotch)
He wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose

4. tidy (tidy)
A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen

5. thick (thick)
1) He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. 2) Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons

6. knuckles (knuckle)
Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on

7. maniacs (maniac)
This morning, it was motorcycles. “… roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums,” he said, as a motorcycle overtook them

8. beady (beady)
The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes

9. hall (hall)
When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen

10. screeched (screech)
she screeched

11. carousel (carousel)
Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets — but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother

12. scented (scent)
Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, “And we’ll buy you another two presents while we’re out today

13. wailed (wail)
In fact, he wasn’t really crying — it had been years since he’d really cried — but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted

14. council (council)
He liked to complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the bank, and Harry were just a few of his favorite subjects

15. grip (grip)
“But I c-c-can’t stand it — Lily an’ James dead — an’ poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles —” “Yes, yes, it’s all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we’ll be found,” Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door

16. rapped (rap)
1) His aunt rapped on the door again. 2) Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on

17. shuffled (shuffle)
He shuffled away

18. shrill (shrill)
His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day

19. tuft (tuft)
Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning

20. blinked (blink)
For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out

