1. Shoo (shoo)
“Shoo!

2. pavement (pavement)
Dursley, they wouldn’t be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement

3. rattled (rattle)
He was rattled

4. gossiped (gossip)
Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair

5. trembled (tremble)
Professor McGonagall’s voice trembled as she went on

6. chuckled (chuckle)
1) He chuckled at his own joke. 2) The giant chuckled. 3) To his surprise, Hagrid chuckled. 4) He chuckled and muttered, “I should have known.

7. buckled (buckle)
He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots

8. piercing (piercing)
1) Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look. 2) It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now

9. jerked (jerk)
Dursley didn’t realize what he had seen — then he jerked his head around to look again

10. drop (drop)
“A lemon drop

11. gasped (gasp)
1) A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and as it cleared, Harry gasped. 2) Professor McGonagall gasped

12. pinpricks (pinprick)
Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching him

13. blonde (blonde)
1) A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down. 2) Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors

14. stern (stern)
1) Luwin grew stern. 2) Ollivander, suddenly stern. 3) It just gave him a stern look

15. faltered (falter)
faltered Professor McGonagall

16. wrestled (wrestle)
Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair

17. flinched (flinch)
1) When Arya flinched back, startled, he opened his mouth wide and waggled his tongue at her, only it was more a stump than a tongue. 2) Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice

18. crooked (crooked)
1) He wore half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. 2) His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice

19. owls (owl)
When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to catch the last report on the evening news: “And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation’s owls have been behaving very unusually today

20. swelled (swell)
It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them

