1. tantrum (tantrum)
Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls

2. doughnut (doughnut)
It was on his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he caught a few words of what they were saying

3. robes (robe)
1) “Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon. 2) In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes. 3) He got up and pulled on his jeans because he didn’t want to walk into the station in his wizard’s robes — he’d change on the train. 4) He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots

4. pursed (purse)
Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips

5. exasperated (exasperated)
“I know you haven’t,” said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring

6. noble (noble)
1) Each House has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. 2) “Only because you’re too — well — noble to use them.

7. astounding (astounding)
It’s just astounding … of all the things to stop him … but how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?

8. Petunia (petunia)
“Er — Petunia, dear — you haven’t heard from your sister lately, have you?

9. sensible (sensible)
“As I say, even if You-Know-Who has gone —” “My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name

10. downpour (downpour)
Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, they’ve had a downpour of shooting stars

11. belt (belt)
1) “The queen wants him, old man, not that it’s your concern,” the officer said, drawing a ribbon from his belt. 2) He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into his belt

12. tabby (tabby)
As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw — and it didn’t improve his mood — was the tabby cat he’d spotted that morning

13. tin (tin)
This bunch were whispering excitedly, too, and he couldn’t see a single collecting tin

14. bear (bear)
They didn’t think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters

15. planets (planet)
It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving around the edge

16. meaner (mean)
The Shy Maid was tied up in one of the meaner sections of the long, chaotic riverfront, between a listing poleboat that had not left the pier in years and the gaily painted mummers’ barge

17. huddle (huddle)
He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by

18. tuck (tuck)
He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into his belt

19. hummed (hum)
Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs

20. weirdos (weirdo)
He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by

21. lace (lace)
Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles

