1. tape (tape)
He wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose

2. scratching (scratch)
It wasn’t bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley, except that it wasn’t blond

3. coils (coil)
Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils

4. sweater (sweater)
Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley’s (brown with orange puff balls)

5. afterward (afterwards)
Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to last

6. knobbly (knobbly)
Harry had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes

7. frying (fry)
Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove

8. slithering (slither)
Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone

9. boredom (boredom)
He wouldn’t have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself — no company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all day long

10. glory (glory)
They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn’t have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first

11. lit (lit)
1) The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys’ front door; it crept into their living room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr. 2) It was cool and dark in there, with lit windows all along the walls

12. muscular (muscular)
In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets

13. parcel (parcel)
Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel

14. jabbed (jab)
The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass

15. reptile (reptile)
After lunch they went to the reptile house

16. mantelpiece (mantelpiece)
Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed

17. sleeve (sleeve)
Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night

18. pan (pan)
Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove

19. sobbed (sob)
“S-s-sorry,” sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it

20. moaned (moan)
“This is boring,” Dudley moaned

21. mustache (mustache)
He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: “MOTORCYCLES DON’T FLY!

22. groaned (groan)
Harry groaned

23. whined (whine)
“Make it move,” he whined at his father

24. howl (howl)
Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog

